hi this is Clara coconuts and today I'm
gonna be showing you something to do
with dog treats rightly see I've got my
little my little um volunteer helping
out here her name's Lucy Bui hmm
anyways so I've got I've got a selection
that I'm gonna show you out here um just
a couple of things you could use for
treats for say so for example got this
little container we used to use for Lucy
um when she was if your little puppy on
the airplane cause you were whining and
we have to do something about it and yes
you can also get one of those sleep not
think you don't they don't have to eat
it you just they kind of sniff it and
they fall asleep not like a chemical
like something sweaty pits in here with
okay that was weird so you can use for
treats if you if you have smaller dogs
you know how you got little tiny cable
pieces about little tiny kibble juices
they look like that well this is
wellness and so army to do is you can
take one of those or you can go to my
happy place that I love to go to which
is the bow-wow house which sells wet
nose wet noses treats and it's the all
natural dog treat which I got a little
sample of Lucy's is so darn cute
have your dogs too small to eat that
I'll we split it that's what I do I
always split it and that title
now that selection here I got little
swimming fine with us better show here
we go carob not chocolate people don't
feed your dogs chocolate it's not
chocolate it's not chocolate
it's terrible peanut butter now it is
edible look I'm not gonna eat it cuz I'm
gonna have dinner soon
umm but you can also split this in half
you can eat it in half but take a long
time to chew it's another choice also
from Thai so I got this deal umm no Jeff
is still on uh okay why are you whining
darlin you want a little bit just a tiny
bit okay good girl and these are little
peanut butter kind of weird
blobby shapes and they're quite
interesting actually
and then here I've got some tiny organic
training treats which are perfect for my
dogs because they are small small little
you know small little star-shaped good
ones so those are the same size is that
and what I'm gonna show you is um in
another video I'm going to show you this
little cute dog
using tricks and so yeah thanks for
watching